Gu Sheng
I'm a little sick
Can you take me to the hospital?
Why don't you go to Wu Ma?
Wu Ma asked for leave to go home
Otherwise I wouldn't invite you.
Come on.
Take the road to Xinghan Hotel
The hospital is just across the way.
I already said it.
Zhang Ting and I have fallen out
His business has nothing to do with me
What if I told you
He's bruised and bruised by me now
Lying in the upper room
Are you in charge of him or not?
Pardon me?
If you leave him alone
Wait until tomorrow to collect his body
Although he is as dangerous as stealing
But after all, he once saved my life
Hey, don't worry.
Do you know what room number?
Stop! Isn't that Linza and his ex-husband?
He should decide what to do.
Oh, I see.
His former rich family was demolished some time ago
Divided a lot of money
I guess he saw the money again
I want to make up with others